All right, here we go. Yet another try
at streaming.
This is like my fifth try live
streaming.
Wasandra, hey, is it working? Is the
stream working? Okay,
tell me in the chat if it's working or
if it's not working.
In this stream, I'm going to continue my
adventure in Minecraft hardcore.
But for now, I'm going to wait for
people to join the live stream.
Is it working?
Finally. What's up, Ax Axamov?
What's up? Hello, Wasandra. Welcome to
the stream. It's working.
I'm going to eat some pizza while people
join the stream.
Is it working, Christina? Is everything
good?
I'm going to wait while people join.
Hello, Kulac.
Kulak 9, hello. Welcome to the stream.
Oh, good.
I'm glad. I was having lots of problems
with this live stream yesterday. So, I'm
glad it's working today.
[clears throat]
And before I start today, I'm going to
go over to my supporter wall. Oh no.
I left my door open. I'll close the
door. Jeb almost escaped.
Okay, I'm going to walk over to my
supporter wall.
Here we are.
Arthur. Ar. Arthur. Arthur.
Is that how you say it?
All right, before I start today,
[clears throat] I just want to say thank
you to all of the supporters of this
channel. I added some new signs to the
wall. These are all new signs.
Big thank you to Analia, Takut, Noot,
Nut from Denmark, Lance, Raphael from
Italy. Big thank you to Hi Chun Chen,
Daniel Haru from Germany
and Leonardo from Italy. Two people from
Italy. Big shout out to Italy. [snorts]
And big thank you to everybody that
supports this channel. And if you would
like to be added to my supporter wall,
you could go to this link up here. And
this link is also down in the
description.
and it will take you here to my Kofi
page. To be added to the wall, you could
make a donation on my page. And while
you're here, you could also check out my
artwork by going to my shop.
And here is a bunch of my artwork that
you can check out.
But for now, let's go back to Minecraft.
Liberate my boy Jeb. [laughter]
No, Jeb is an indoor Jeb is an indoor
sheep.
Hello, Frank.
Hello, Diana. Welcome. I'm glad that the
stream is working today. I'm happy to
see you.
All right, let's go inside.
Today, there are a few things that I
want to do in this stream. I'll open my
notebook.
So, in this stream, I want to go explore
some different biomes.
Look at this.
So far, I've collected a few different
kinds of saplings.
So, here I have a birch tree.
This is an acacia tree. I think this is
an acacia tree. Over here we have an
aelia tree and we have lots of jungle
trees around here because I built my
house in a jungle. But there are lots of
other kinds of trees as well. I'll show
you. Let's go back inside.
Seven Days to Die. I've played a lot of
Seven Days to Die. I really like Seven
Days to Die.
Hello, uh, Kawan
Periera. Hello. Welcome to the stream.
Let's see
here. I have some jungle saplings. I
have some cherry saplings. I have some
oak saplings.
And I think that's all of the saplings
that I have.
Do I have any more saplings?
No.
So, I want to go explore some of the
different biomes and collect the
different saplings so I can grow the
different kinds of trees. I'll show you.
See, there are cherry planks, acacia
planks. There are lots of different
kinds of wood that I want to build with.
So, in this video, I'm going to go
explore the different biomes and I'm
going to search for the different types
of saplings.
And along the way, I'm also going to
look for some villagers because I'd like
to bring back two villagers here to my
house.
But for now, it's night time. So, let's
start this stream by going to sleep. And
in the morning, I'll go on an adventure.
Hello, Reiko Play. Welcome to the
stream. Bruno,
welcome back, Bruno. I'm always happy to
see you.
What's up, fellas? Welcome to the
stream.
Welcome everybody. Thanks for joining
the live stream. I'm glad that the
stream is working today. I was having
lots of problems with this stream
yesterday.
Another bite of pizza for me.
How are you today? Are you doing good?
Tell me in the chat how you're doing
today.
When will you finish the roof?
[laughter]
In the future, I'll finish the roof.
I have no roof right now in this part of
the house. Maybe in my next video I'll
expand my house and I'll finish building
the roof. Maybe I'll do that in my next
video. [laughter]
I'm from Australia. I speak English. I
just love watching you play. Oh, thank
you, Reiko. Thank you. Thank you.
[clears throat]
Where is the pizza from? Christina made
this pizza. So, it's special pizza.
You've been studying, Wasandra.
Very good. Studying English or what have
you been studying?
Okay,
I think I have everything that I'll
need. Oh, before I go on my adventure,
there's one other thing that I want to
show you.
Look at this.
This is a grindstoneone.
And with the grindstone, you can put in
enchanted weapons like this enchanted
bow or this enchanted chest plate. You
can put in enchanted items
and it removes the enchantment.
And when it removes the enchantment, it
gives you some XP. So now I'm level 28.
I can disenchant this bow.
See, look at all that XP I gained.
I don't need these enchantments. So, I'm
going to disenchant these tools. I'll
disenchant this fishing rod and this
golden pickaxe.
See, now I'm almost halfway to level 29.
Um,
I'll put those tools in this chest.
Okay,
I have some torches.
I have some food.
I have arrows.
I need a bow.
I'll take this bow.
I thought I had a really good enchanted
bow.
No.
Okay. Well, I'll take this bow.
Anything else I need?
No more cereal for me. No. No. I've
upgraded to pizza.
Almost day 200. Oh, yeah. Today is day
186.
Wow.
We're getting up to day 200.
Where is everyone from? Where are you
from in the chat? Tell me where you're
from in the chat.
Bruno is from in the world.
Florida, of course. Florida in the
house.
Okay,
let's go outside and let's start our
adventure. Shout out to Usbekistan.
All right, I'm going to get in my boat.
It started to rain. It's raining.
Okay, let's search for some different
biomes.
Let's see what we can find. I'll take my
spy glass.
Ukraine. Shout out to Ukraine.
Oh, okay. I took my load stone. I always
need to remember my load stone so I can
find my way back home.
There's my huge XP farm.
It's harder to see when it's raining.
I can't see as far.
I'm going to sail this direction. Look
at my full set of diamond armor.
I finally got a full set of enchanted
diamond armor.
Now I'm feeling pretty strong.
Yep. Goodbye. Goodbye XP farm and house.
Goodbye
house or home both work. Both are good.
Ah, two Ukrainians here.
Can you make glass in this world? Yeah,
you can make glass by smelting sand in a
furnace.
Yep.
Should I make something big out of
glass? Maybe an aquarium.
You've been watching this series from
the start from episode one.
Who here has seen my last Minecraft
series, my intermediate Minecraft
series? Has anyone here watched my
intermediate Minecraft series?
Sunglasses.
Make a pair of sunglasses.
What's up, fellas? I'm going to search
for some different biomes.
I'm looking for some different biomes.
I'm trying to collect all of the
different saplings so I can grow
the different kinds of trees, like the
acacia trees and the jungle trees. I
want to build with all of the different
types of wood. Right now, I just have
oak wood and jungle wood.
Whoa.
What is this?
Is that a swamp?
I think I found a new biome.
I think I found a swamp.
Hello, Monthther. Welcome to the stream.
Monthther Z1Z, welcome.
I'm searching for some different biomes
and I think I found a swamp.
Whoa.
There are lily pads.
There are lily pads in the water.
I'm going to pick up some of these lily
pads.
Yeah.
More lily pads.
Okay, here we are. I think this is a
swamp.
Maybe you're in Florida. [laughter]
Yeah, this this kind of looks like
Florida.
It's 5:00 a.m. You need to go to sleep,
Reiko.
You need to go to sleep. It's too late.
Okay,
more firefly bushes over here. I'm going
to get out of my boat
and I'll pick it up. I'll break my boat.
Come on.
There we go. Oh, whoa, some coal. Lots
of coal. I actually need coal. I'm going
to get my my fortune pickaxe
and I'm going to mine some of this coal.
I need coal.
Cheers from Poland. Shout out to Poland.
Welcome to the stream.
I'm helping you go to sleep. [laughter]
Nice.
Oh, I need to breathe
[panting and sighs]
back underwater.
Well, thanks for watching, Reiko.
I'm going to get a little more coal.
I just need a little bit more coal to
make more torches.
There we go.
And the coal is rising to the top.
I'll pick up this coal.
Okay,
I'm going to get my iron axe
and
I'll start chopping this wood.
What is this?
Mangrove roots. Oh, these are roots.
Interesting.
I'm going to break some of these leaves
and maybe I'll find a sapling.
Any saplings?
No,
I haven't found any saplings yet.
Did you get a haircut? Yes, I did.
I cut a lot of my hair.
You can break both using an axe.
Oh, here's some wood.
So, these are roots, but this here is
wood.
Look, it's a different kind of wood.
It's dark. I'm going to place some
torches.
Torches.
Zombie.
Okay, I'm going to chop down this tree.
What kind of wood is this?
This is These are mangrove logs.
So, this is a mangrove tree.
Okay.
I want to find a sapling.
Whoa. What is that?
Oops, I fell down.
I see a witch.
Whoa, I see lots of monsters around.
Here's a wandering traitor.
What is this?
Tell me in the chat if you know what
this is.
I can't pick it up.
What are these?
Mangrove trees can walk to find water.
Uhoh. Okay, I see lots of monsters. Lots
of monsters are coming for me.
I'll shoot them with my bow. Die,
zombie.
Die. That one was holding an iron sword.
I think the wandering traitor turned
invisible.
There's another zombie down there.
Uh oh.
Uhoh. Die. Skeleton. Die.
Okay.
What are these?
Try to break it with silk touch. Oh,
good idea. I have this pickaxe with silk
touch.
And I can pick this up using my silk
touch pickaxe.
No.
I didn't pick it up.
Maybe you can't pick those up.
I'll try again.
No.
H.
I'm still looking for a sapling.
Maybe these trees don't drop saplings.
More wood.
More wood. It's really dark.
I'll place a torch.
I can't pick it up, though. I can't pick
up those saplings.
Oh, maybe with your hand. Let me try
I'll try using my hand to pick it up.
Any more? There they are.
Oh, there we go. I got it. Mangrove.
Propagul
propagule. I don't know how to say this
word,
but I think this is like a sapling. So,
you have to use your hand to pick it up.
I see.
There we go. Now it's working. Thank
you, Bruno. Thank you.
Hello, Free Bend. Welcome to the stream.
It's basically a sapling. Okay, so these
are pretty much saplings but for the
mangrove trees. Awesome.
Let's keep exploring the mangrove swamp.
I've never really explored one of these
swamps before.
There are lots of vines hanging from the
trees. vines.
Whoa.
Lots of lily pads. You can stand on the
lily pads. Jump. There's a fish
that's swimming in circles.
Look at this fish.
Be careful in the night. The mangrove
forest is dangerous.
from Brazil.
Yeah, lots of people from from Brazil
here.
Hello, Abrooms. Welcome to the stream.
Thank you.
I don't think there are any alligators
in Minecraft.
That would be cool, though.
Lots of alligators in the swamp in
Florida, huh?
Oh, there's a spider.
Die, spider, die.
Let's keep exploring the swamp.
What is this?
What is this on the ground?
Mud.
We found some mud.
You have a Oh, I do have a bed. I have a
yellow bed. Good idea, Bruno. I should
sleep. I'm sleeping through the night.
Mud. Yeah, I found some mud.
All right,
I'm going to pick up some mud.
Oh,
do you have to plant
uh these propag on mud?
Is that how that works?
Hi. In your first video, there are
guitars and a ukulele in the background.
I wanted to ask if you've considered
making a video tutorial. Oh, of playing
the guitar or ukulele? I've never
thought of doing that.
>> [laughter]
>> Is that something you would want?
Could you turn the music to 45%.
Is the music too loud?
One second. Yeah. Let me turn down the
music.
45.
Is that better? Rico,
tell me in the chat if the sound is
okay.
Is the sound all right?
I personally know English very well, but
this is still relaxing to me. Cheers.
Oh, thank you, Abrooms. Thank you so
much. It makes me very happy to hear
that
you can't hear the music. Okay. Dirt or
underwater will also work. Okay, cool.
Here's a zombie. Whoa, this zombie has a
baby zombie on its back.
Die,
die, die.
Look at all these fish. And there are
some dolphins underwater here.
Two dolphins.
So many kind different kinds of fish.
Wow.
Let's keep exploring.
Whoa. What is this?
Is this a zombie?
I think that was another baby zombie.
Yeah, I think they changed the way the
baby zombies look in this new Minecraft
update.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay, let's keep exploring. I think I'm
going to leave the mangrove swamp.
Should I leave the swamp?
Are there other cool things to find in
the swamp or should I leave?
Tell me in the chat.
Are there cool things to find here in
the mangrove swamp or should I leave?
Lots of roots.
Leave.
Yeah, I think I might leave the swamp.
Leave. Okay. Yeah, I think I'm going to
leave the mangrove swamp. I don't think
there is anything else to find in the
swamp. So, we'll keep exploring.
I want to find some other biomes.
So, let's keep adventuring.
We're getting further and further from
our home.
Oh, look at this. What?
Whoa.
More swamp.
I'm going to dive in the water here.
Dive.
You should try to get redstone materials
and make a secret base. That would be
cool.
I definitely want to make some builds
out of redstone in the future.
I've collected a lot of redstone at my
house.
I'm going to turn down the music a
little bit more. It's pretty loud in my
headphones.
Oops.
I'll turn it down to 37
37%.
Okay,
cow
red flowers.
When are you going to beat the game? Uh,
like when am I going to fight the Ender
Dragon?
Probably pretty soon
because now I've got full enchanted
diamond armor.
I'll probably upgrade to Netherite
and then I'll fight the dragon.
Hello, Dennis.
Welcome to the stream, Dennis.
Look at this. There are some huge
mountains over here.
Look at that.
Jump.
Wa!
Those are huge.
Look, that is floating. It's floating in
the air.
Maybe there's a toad in the swamp.
Oh, are there toads in the swamp?
I'm going to look for a toad. Can you
pick up the toad in a bucket?
Oh, I didn't bring a bucket.
Whoa, there's a cave.
I really like this place.
This is a cool area. There are two
turtles here.
Whoa.
Island. No water. Yeah, it's it's a
floating island. That island is floating
in the air.
Any toads here in the swamp?
Any toads?
I haven't seen any toads yet.
How do you take a picture in Minecraft?
A squid.
I see a squid down there.
I didn't see any toads, though.
We'll keep exploring.
Whoa, it's so dark underneath here that
zombies are spawning.
There's There are two zombies
underwater.
I need to eat. I'll eat more food.
There we go.
Open where you live and see a camera.
Oh, you're talking about the screenshot.
Yeah, you can take pictures using this
screenshot function. You're right.
Hello, Hen Henriette. Hello, Henriette.
Welcome to the stream.
Let's keep exploring.
Whoa,
it goes really deep here.
I see some lapis.
Look, there's some lapis.
Let's keep going this way.
Wow, there's a waterfall.
There are no toads.
Are there toads or not?
Are there toads in Minecraft? Yes or no?
What's up, Nicholas Melo? Welcome to the
stream. Hello. Hello. Thanks for
joining.
There's a sheep.
Let's keep going this way.
I didn't see any toads.
There are no toads.
These are beautiful mountains. I really
like this area.
I kind of wish I would have built my
house in this area next to the swamp.
Okay, let's keep going.
Whoa, more swamp over there.
Horses.
I don't have a saddle.
Look at this horse.
Okay, let's keep going. Take a
screenshot of it. Okay,
wait.
There we go. I took a picture of the
horse.
[laughter]
Let's continue.
There's frogs.
There are frogs.
I'm going to search for them. I need to
find a frog. The sun's going down. I'm
going to sleep. I'll sleep. Your skin is
so scary. [laughter]
What do you think of my skin? Do you
like my skin or no?
Tell me in the chat if you like my skin
or not. My new skin.
I like my skin. It's kind of scary
though. It's a little bit scary.
Frogs, not toads. I see. So, there are
frogs though.
Okay, I need to find some frogs.
Are you blue? Yeah, [laughter]
my skin is kind of blue. It's kind of
inspired by sharks.
It's kind of like a shark.
Oh, it's okay, Reiko.
That's all right.
Is that a frog? Oh, it is. Look at it
jump.
Oh, they do look goofy. [laughter]
We found some frogs. It jumped in the
water.
Hello.
Oh no. Oops.
I accidentally shot it with my bow.
Oops.
I didn't mean to do that.
Huh? Can you pick up the frogs?
Can I make this frog my pet?
Did you draw your own skin? I did. Yep.
I
I drew and designed this skin.
Yep.
You can use a lead to catch it. Oh,
okay. I could use this lead on the frog.
I don't think I'm going to take this
frog back home. [sighs and gasps]
That would take me a really long time.
I think I'm going to leave the frog
here.
like your parrot. No, [laughter]
I will not kill these frogs.
Wow, look at all these fish.
There are so many different kinds of
fish here in the swamp.
And they're all swimming in circles.
Okay,
let's keep exploring.
I found some frogs.
I got uh I got these mangrove propags.
Let's continue exploring.
How much do you charge to scare some
villagers with this skin? [laughter]
You're learning so much about Minecraft
frogs.
What have you learned? Are there frog
mechanics?
Are there things you can do with the
frogs?
Lots of coal. Look at all that coal.
Okay, let's continue.
I'm going to place my boat again.
Place my boat and I'll start paddling.
The boat is much faster.
Whoa.
Is there a desert over there?
Let's go this way.
It's so dark.
It's so dark down there.
Yep. I have a compass. I have my compass
that can point me back home. My home is
that way.
I do have a dog. Yep. I have a dog back
at my house.
It's named Dinnerbone and it's upside
down.
Okay,
I see another village. I'm going to get
out of the boat and look around.
There's another village over there. I
don't think I want to explore that
village right now.
Let's see.
Well, I'll get back in my boat.
Let's go around this.
Let's keep paddling.
Let's go this way.
I'm going to paddle my boat in this
direction. Let's see what we'll find.
You should take their hay bales. It's
free food.
Maybe I'll stop by the village really
quick.
We'll see what they have in the village.
I'll check out the village really fast.
Maybe I can get some food.
Are you very far from your home? Yeah,
I'm pretty far. I'm getting really far
from my home now. I'll get this boat
and I'll replace the boat.
Let's paddle over to the village.
I'm going to quickly look for chests.
Any chests? No
chests and hay bales.
No chests. There are some hay bales.
I'll collect these hay bales.
We can make a lot of bread with all
these hay bales.
A couple more.
There we go. I picked up the hay bales.
Anything else? I'll ring the bell. Ding,
ding, ding, ding.
Any chests? There's a chest. Some bread.
Some leather.
Up here. There's a chest. More bread.
Oh, a bundle. I'll take this bundle. And
I'll also pick up the chest.
Oh.
Come here, chest. I want the chest.
I'm going to put some things in this
bundle.
Lily pads, leather,
um, bread.
I'll put these spider eyes in the
bundle. String.
Um,
I don't need these.
I'll put mud in the bundle. Mangrove
roots.
Okay,
that villager's home was already
destroyed. I'm going to leave it broken.
[laughter]
If you name a bunny toast, it will have
a black and white pattern.
A
that is that is cute but sad.
Any other chests?
No more chests.
Let's check this house. We'll check a
couple more houses. Here we go.
I don't want anything in this chest.
I already have some acacia saplings, so
I don't need any of that. Look at all
these carrots. I'll steal these carrots.
Do I need potion making? Um,
I could get one of those brewing stands.
I haven't been making any potions yet.
But maybe I should steal one of those
brewing stands.
Let's see. Where did it go?
Not here.
Emeralds. I'll take these emeralds.
I'm going to steal this brewing stand. I
can use this to make potions in the
future.
I'll steal this.
Okay, now I'm going to leave this
village.
I'll break my boat
and I'll place the boat on this side
and I'll paddle away
from the village.
I'm going to keep paddling this
direction
and we'll see what I find.
I'm also going to be looking underwater
in case there's a shipwreck
or a broken nether portal. Wow, look at
this.
Another huge mountain in front of us.
Wow,
it's night time. The sun's going down.
The moon is coming up.
Is this another jungle?
I think we found another jungle.
Whoa,
that is a really tall mountain.
There are two waterfalls over here. One,
two.
Time to sleep.
Yeah, maybe I should place my bed and go
to sleep really fast.
I'll sleep.
I saw some zombies coming for me.
[snorts]
Zombies die. Oh no, I'm on fire.
Die. Die. Oh, I'm on fire again. Die.
Die.
XP. Look at all this XP.
So, I guess the zombies don't burn if
they're wearing helmets.
Huh.
More turtles.
Wow. All right, I'll break my bed and
I'll get back in my boat.
Is that the swamp again?
I think that's the swamp.
Let's go this direction.
I'm sailing into the ocean.
This is a big ocean.
Ooh,
I see some light underwater.
Look at this. I haven't gone in a
circle. I'm making sure that I keep
going away from my house. See, my house
is that way. So, I'm going to keep going
away from my house.
I see some light underwater here. What
is this?
What is this?
Whoa.
What happened?
Oops.
I threw my compass.
I needed to pick up my compass.
An ocean monument. I sailed past a
shipwreck.
Where?
I don't see a shipwreck.
That's not good.
Should I get away from this ocean
monument?
I don't think I should go down there
right now. I'm not going to go there
now.
It looks like
I'm poisoned or something. Do you see
the bubbles rising?
Those are guardians that give you
fatigue, which makes your mining really
slow. Ooh. Uh-oh.
That's not good.
I'm going to get away from this ocean
monument, but I'll try to remember that
this is here.
so I can come back there in the future.
Okay, let's keep exploring.
Hello Denise, welcome to the stream.
Greetings from Mexico. Welcome to the
stream, Sergio. Thanks for joining.
In this stream, I'm exploring biomes.
I'm looking for some different biomes.
Shout out to Mexico.
I'm going to keep looking at the bottom
of the ocean for shipwrecks.
I don't want to sail over the
shipwrecks.
But all I see under there is a bunch of
kelp.
So much kelp
and fish.
Kelp and fish.
Whoa.
Is that another monument?
Another ocean monument.
Wow,
this is a huge ocean.
Hi, Kenzo. Has anything new happened in
your life? Not really. I've just been
really busy lately with work.
I've had a lot of work to do lately, so
I've been a little bit tired,
but nothing too new.
What about you, Wasandre? Anything new
in your life?
Oh, a village. I see another village.
Are those pumpkins?
Yep. Those are pumpkins. I see some
pumpkins over there.
A sponge in the underwater temple.
How strong do you need to be to go to
the underwater temple?
Would I be ready with my diamond armor?
Shouts out to South America.
Okay, let's get out of the boat here.
There's another village that we found.
Greek.
Oh, I see a cherry grove biome over
there. But I've already found a cherry
grove biome.
So, I'm not going to go that way. Let's
keep going this way.
You had Netherite armor and it was still
hard to raid the monument.
All right, I'm not ready then.
[clears throat]
Whoa. I'll be careful.
I'll eat some cooked mutton
and I'll jump across this.
Okay.
Whoa. I'll jump into the fountain.
There's an iron golem.
Any chests? Wow, a lot more bread
and some books, an apple, some potatoes.
We're finding a lot of food in these
villages.
Okay, let's keep going this way.
There's a forest here.
I see some mountains off in the
distance.
Let's keep going this way.
A horse. I'm going to dive
and I'll swim across this water.
Let's keep exploring.
A cow. I'll kill this cow.
Do you know anything interesting about
your country?
H
I feel like there are a lot of
interesting things about the United
States.
Um
I guess something that's interesting
about the United States to people in
other countries is that here in the
United States, lots of people can own
guns.
A lot of people have guns here in the
US.
Look at this forest.
So many trees.
I need to get high up so I can see
farther away.
I need to climb to the top of a
mountain.
Okay, this is a b uh a birch forest.
These are all birch trees.
This is a new biome.
Whoa,
so many birch trees and flowers. There
are also lots of flowers here.
Really? Yeah.
Lots of people own guns here in the
United States.
Do you have any? Yes, I do have one.
Awesome. Tell me something interesting
about your countries.
Is there anything really interesting
about Ukraine, Wasandre?
I can't sleep yet. I'm waiting for the
sun to go down so I can go to sleep.
I can't sleep yet.
Whoa, this is a big forest.
More pumpkins over there.
Can I sleep now?
Serum, we have different cultures. Okay.
Some historical places. Very nice.
Because guns make people make people
equal [laughter]
kind of.
Whoa.
That's just something that surprises a
lot of people that live in other
countries.
How many guns we have here in the United
States.
My country is big and like football. Oh
yeah, [laughter]
football is very popular in Brazil, huh?
Let's keep exploring.
I'll place my boat and I'll get in my
boat.
I'll use my boat to paddle.
I'd really like to find a mycelium biome
where you can find the huge mushrooms
and
the red cows with mushrooms growing on
their backs.
I recommend you come to Usbekistsan.
Ah, I would love to see Usbekistan.
Maybe one day in the future,
someday. Yep.
You love that biome. Which biome was up?
What biome?
Is that a shipwreck?
I think I found a shipwreck.
Oh, the mycelium biome. Yep. I love the
mycelium biome.
Ukraine is the first country in the
world in growing sunflower oil. Huh, I
didn't know that.
We have Hindi, Indonesian, African,
Chinese, and Indian people. Oh, wow.
Many different cultures. Here in the US,
we also have a lot of cultures. A lot of
cultures mixed together.
Yeah, I've gone really far, Brunan.
Okay, I'm going to swim underwater and
check out this sunken ship. Swim,
chest, some books. Oh, I got a treasure
map.
I need to go back up to the surface
here. I can breathe.
And look what I found. A treasure map.
Okay, I'm going to go back down and look
around one more time.
Dive.
Anything else here? No.
Okay. Oh, no. A baby zombie.
I'm going back to my boat
and I'm going to paddle away.
I'm paddling away.
If you didn't do YouTube, what would you
do instead? I would probably be an
artist. I would probably draw and paint.
I would be an artist.
I've always liked creating. Whether it
be videos, videos, or drawings, or
music,
I would be a different kind of creator.
Oh, thank you. Thank you. What's up,
fellas?
Yeah, I would do art.
I plan to make more art videos in the
future.
Yeah, there's a little bit of my music
on my other channel. You can find it in
the description of my YouTube page.
linked on my channel is my other
channel. It's just my name, Kenzo. And
on that channel, I have some of my
music.
Dolphins. The dolphins are swimming with
me. I need to check the map.
Which way do I need to go?
Maybe this way.
I'm looking to see if the dot gets
bigger or if it gets smaller.
I don't know if I'm going the right way
or the wrong way.
I think I'm going the right way.
Sorry, I'm focusing on the map.
I want to see if the dot gets bigger or
if it gets smaller.
Oh,
I'm going the right way. I think I'm
going the right way.
I'm on the map now. We did it.
If you had a chance to live somewhere
else, where would you live and why?
H.
if I had a chance to live somewhere
else. Oh,
we found another biome. Look.
Okay, we found a new biome and we're
getting closer to the treasure.
Um,
to respond to your question, Wasandra
H. When I was younger, I used to live in
Japan, and that was really cool.
I really like living where I live right
now in the United States, and I probably
wouldn't move.
Um,
the city I live in right now is a small
town where it's pretty quiet. It's not
very loud. It's quiet and it's peaceful.
>> [snorts]
>> So, for right now, I would continue
living here where I am in the United
States.
I probably wouldn't move if I had the
chance.
First, I'm going to the buried treasure.
I have to go to that red X.
It's this way.
We're getting closer.
I think it's right up here.
I'll get out of my boat.
Okay, I'm going to get right over the
top of the X
right here.
Does this look good?
Should I dig down here?
I think I'm on top of the X.
Oh, I don't have a shovel.
I'll have to dig using my compass.
I'm going to search for the buried
treasure.
It's somewhere around here.
I'm going to switch to my pickaxe.
Where is the buried treasure?
There it is. I found the buried
treasure.
Do you want to have a pet? Yes. I love
dogs. Ruff. I love dogs. So, I want to
always have dogs as pets.
Okay.
I don't have a shovel, Bruna. I didn't
bring a shovel, so I have to dig using a
compass and a torch.
All right. Let's see what we found. A
lot of stuff. We found one, two, three,
four blocks of TNT. Wow.
I'll put that in my bundle. I found a
bunch of iron ingots. Six iron ingots.
I'll put those in the bundle. We found
four golden ingots. The bundle is now
full. Um, I'll put these ingots
here. And I'll eat this apple.
Okay. I want my torches.
My torches.
Okay,
have a nice day, Kenzo. It's 1:00 a.m. I
need to sleep. Yes, go to bed. Uh, Axam
Axto, thanks for joining. Thanks for
joining the stream.
Sleep well.
Um, what else do we have? A potion of
water breathing.
Oh, so this will allow me to breathe
[sighs and gasps]
underwater for three minutes. This is
good.
What should I throw away?
There we go. A lot of cooked fish.
I'll leave these potatoes. There's a
diamond.
I don't need this copper chest plate.
And a heart of the sea.
I don't know what you're supposed to do
with this,
but it looks important, so I'll take it.
I'll leave two sticks here.
A heart of the sea. What do you do with
the heart of the sea?
If you know, tell me in the chat.
And I'll break this chest.
Pick up the chest.
All right, we found the buried treasure.
I'll place my bed
and I'll go to sleep.
I'll sleep through the night.
Zombie meat. Oh no. Am I carrying rotten
flesh?
I'll pick up this XP. Oh, yep. I have
some rotten flesh here. I'll throw that
away. I don't need that.
Okay, I'll pick up the bed.
Let's go over
to that biome. I don't know what it's
called. I'll get back in the boat.
Let's paddle over to this forest.
You can make something, but I forgot
what it's called.
I'm sure you can make something with
this heart of the sea.
I don't know what, though.
All right, we're going to get a new type
of wood here.
Use it for a conduit.
A conduit.
And what is the conduit used for?
Oh, look. Here's a huge red mushroom.
A huge mushroom.
Okay, I'm going to chop down I'm going
to chop down one of these trees and try
to collect some saplings.
Here we go.
Some dark oak logs. A new kind of wood.
Let's go up.
I'll keep going upward.
lets you breathe underwater.
Whoa. Okay.
Within a certain range.
That sounds pretty good. That sounds
pretty useful.
All right, I'm going to chop all these
wood blocks.
Here we go.
I'm getting lots of dark oak wood.
That biome is dark oak. Okay, a dark oak
biome. We found a dark oak biome.
We're getting a lot of wood here.
We're almost to 200 days. Day 191.
Let's see. I can see some saplings have
dropped, but I can't pick them up. I'll
throw away
um
for now. I'll throw 10 oak planks. I
don't need 10 oak planks.
All right, I picked up two dark oak
saplings.
So, now I can grow some of these trees
when I get back to my house.
Any more saplings?
Oh,
three.
All right,
let's explore around this dark oak
biome.
Let's see what we can find here.
Whoa.
A ravine.
Some lava.
I need my spy glass.
There we go.
Oh, they drop apples, too.
I see.
I almost forgot my boat. I'm going to
pick up my boat.
Oops.
Ah.
Um.
Oh no,
that zombie was holding an iron shovel.
Die, zombie. Die.
I'll throw away
um
two chests. I don't need two chests.
Okay.
You need four four saplings.
There's one.
There we go. Now I have four dark oak
saplings.
No chests. [gasps] Goodbye chests.
Goodbye.
My inventory is full. I have too much
stuff.
Whoa.
I'm not going to go down there, but it
looks interesting.
Let's keep going.
I think it's a good idea to use other
topics and words to study English in the
future. Yeah, I definitely want to make
different kinds of videos in the future.
I want to play different games. I might
even make some videos in real life
teaching English. We'll see. I
definitely want to make lots of
different kinds of videos in the future.
You're right, Wasandre. What's up,
Enshen?
Enshen in the house. Thanks for joining,
Enchen.
I'm happy to see you again.
I'm exploring some biomes today. You
need at least four seedlings to grow one
tree. Oh, okay.
Well, I got four dark oak saplings.
Let's keep exploring. I think you can
find the woodland manor around this dark
oak biome.
Sorry, I was late. I was in a festival.
No worries.
Let's keep exploring.
I want to climb up this mountain.
So I can see a little further.
Let's go up.
Up.
Jump. Jump. I'm on the treetops.
H. Let's go this way.
So far, I've collected two new types of
wood.
I've got some dark oak logs and some
mangrove logs.
So, that's good.
Whoa. Okay, I can see really far from up
here. I see a forest.
I see some more ocean over there.
I think that is
a savannah biome over there.
I want to keep exploring around the dark
oak.
Whoa,
lots of birch trees.
If you find a woodland mansion, be
careful for enemies. Yeah, I know the
woodland mansion is very difficult.
I would like to find a woodland mansion.
I know they can spawn next to the dark
the dark oak biomes.
I would probably see it though. I know
they're pretty huge.
Jump.
H.
It's really dark in this forest.
It's very rare.
I've heard the woodland mansion is
pretty rare.
I need to eat some more food.
More food.
Okay, I'll get back in my boat.
I'm going to start going I'm going to
slowly start making my way back towards
my house, but I want to keep exploring
along the way.
My house is that way.
I really like those huge mushrooms.
Turtles
I'm going to slowly start making my way
back to the house,
but along the way, I'm going to continue
searching for biomes
because there are still other kinds of
wood that I want to find.
I really want to find a pale a pale oak
forest. Is that what it's called?
There's a kind of wood. A kind of wood
that's a pale wood.
And I'd really like to find the pale
wood.
Let's sleep.
Okay, back in my boat.
The sun is coming up.
Let's sail this direction.
Lots of fish under the water there.
I'm trying to search up biomes because I
forgot most of them. [laughter]
That's all right. I think there are nine
different kinds of saplings.
Nine different types of saplings.
So, nine different kinds of trees that
you can grow. I'd like to find all of
the saplings.
More squids. Two more squids underwater.
any any more shipwrecks.
I don't see any.
Lots of kelp though.
Lots of kelp underwater.
Is that an island?
I think I see an island over there.
Be careful in the pale oak forest
because of the creaking.
When you're not looking, they will move.
Huh.
I've never heard of this, but I've never
seen a pale oak forest. So,
I'd like to find one.
Where do you find the pale oak forest?
Look at that little island. It's a
really small island.
The pale oak forest.
Yeah, this ocean is huge.
I can hear the dolphins going.
I died because of the creaking in
hardcore. Oh no. [snorts]
Did you have diamond armor?
It's a rare to find. It must be. I've
never seen one before.
When did they add the pale oak forest
into Minecraft?
Because I don't think I've ever seen
one.
The dolphins.
Any more dolphins? There's one dolphin
that's swimming with me.
You see it?
This is a big ocean.
I think
I think that temple or the monument is
somewhere close to here.
I'll keep sailing. W Dolphin.
Oh, you had Netherite armor. It killed
you with Netherite armor. So, the
creaking is pretty strong then.
Well, I think I'm getting closer to my
house.
I found at least two new kinds of wood.
Beware for the guardian if you find it.
I think it might be close by.
Yeah, that happened to me once. Enchen.
What's this?
There's something underwater here.
Let's check this out. I'm going to dive
underwater here.
dive.
Anything here?
Any chests or anything? No.
I'll check that out. I'll breathe.
And let's go underwater.
Anything in here? Oh, I don't have a
shovel.
I need a shovel.
Okay, I need to go back up
up to the surface.
Let's breathe [sighs]
and let's go back under.
Is there anything here or is there
nothing?
One more. Oh, the potion. Should I drink
my potion?
I was drowning there.
Good idea, Bruna. Maybe I'll drink my
potion.
Where is it? Here it is. Potion of water
breathing. Should I drink my potion of
water breathing or should I save it?
I might try drinking it.
I drank it. Let's go down. All right,
I'm going to dig. I'll dig up this sand.
Oh, there's a chest. Okay, good thing I
explored down here.
Another treasure map. I'll put this old
treasure map in here. Some wheat, some
coal.
Okay,
Kenzo the fish. I can breathe underwater
for three minutes.
Anything else here?
It takes so long to break these blocks
underwater.
I need a shovel.
Let's go over here.
These drones are holding fishing rods.
Look, it's holding a fishing rod. Die,
die, die.
They're dancing.
[gasps]
What?
Okay, I killed one drowned. Look at this
guy. He's spinning in circles.
Die, buddy. Die, drown.
Okay.
Any more chests here?
I'll dig here.
Dancing zombies.
Enchen. I think mending
repairs the durability on your tools, so
it helps it so they don't break.
I'm not sure exactly how it works,
though.
I think when you collect XP, maybe it
repairs your tools.
Something like that.
Break. There we go. There's the other
chest.
An enchanting fishing rod with
unbreaking three and luck of the sea
one. This seems uhoh
die.
I killed the drowned. This fishing pole
seems pretty good. I'll take the fishing
pole.
I'll leave
the wheat. I don't need this wheat.
Okay,
look a nautilus.
I think you can ride on these
underwater.
Uhoh.
Okay, I need to breathe. [sighs]
All right, and let's go. Whoa, look at
all this kelp. [laughter]
Let's go this way.
There's that village that I found
earlier.
A new mob.
Okay, let's keep sailing.
I'm going to slowly
I'm going to slowly make my way back
home.
No longer Kenzo fish. Nope. I can't
breathe underwater anymore. See,
my oxygen is depleting.
No longer a fish.
There's the jungle.
Not about to build a mob farm.
Hello. Hello, Ismot. Ismot 1085. Welcome
to the stream.
Welcome from Brazil.
Shipwreck was near the village. Oh,
should I go check it out? I'll go check
it out. Oh, I also have this new
treasure map that I didn't find.
Oh, I need to find this treasure. Okay,
I'm going to quickly find this treasure.
We have to paddle over to the X, the red
X.
It's this way.
While I'm paddling, I'm going to get a
drink. A drink.
We're getting close.
Bring a shovel with you. I don't have a
shovel.
I didn't bring a shovel with me.
I totally forgot to bring a shovel.
Members Mark TM.
Everybody, welcome is to the to the to
the stream in the chat. Whoa. What's
that?
I thought that was a building, but it's
just dirt and stone.
Are we getting close? We're getting
close.
I think it's right here on the beach
right here.
Okay, I'm going to get out of my boat
right
here. I think I'm right on top of the
treasure. So, let's start digging down.
Oh, there's sand. There's water.
This water will make it slower to mine
this sand. Oh, spiders. Die.
I'm going to quickly go to sleep.
I'll place my bed and I'll sleep.
I love you, bro. Welcome, widelcome
to the stream. Love you, too.
Sleep. I slept. Brunonna, are you proud
of me?
Let's see.
Hello, Junior. Junior Cases, welcome to
the stream. Thanks for joining.
Are you Are you an English teacher? Yes,
I make English content here on this
channel.
Any treasure?
Where is it?
It should be right down here.
I'll keep digging.
Where is it? There it is. I found the
treasure.
Maybe you can craft a golden shovel. I
could. You're right. I found my
treasure. Whoa, look at all these
diamonds.
Five diamonds total. Now we have five
diamonds. Two more potions of water
breathing.
Oh no, I have too much stuff. I'll throw
some string. I don't need that.
Um
I don't need seven fish.
I have a lot of carrots. I don't need
these carrots.
Okay.
Should I get two hearts of the sea? Do I
need two?
Let's see. My son learns English with
your videos. Could you send him a
greeting? His name is Oh, no.
That was a creeper.
But it's okay. We're okay.
Gilm, is it pronounced Gillum?
Hello, Gillum. Thank you for watching my
videos.
I do not know what heart of the sea. I
don't think I'm going to pick up this
second heart of the sea. I'll leave this
here.
Okay. You're my favorite person in
Minecraft. You're a very kind person.
Oh, thank you. Thank you, Wallet. Thanks
for watching my videos. I need to be
more careful. I didn't see that creeper.
I'll leave my bed. I'm not going to take
my bed.
I'm close to my house, so I'm going to
leave my bed.
All right,
let's sail home.
Okay, [sighs] I'm going to paddle back
home.
It's this way.
I left my bed. I left my bed back there
because my inventory is full.
Okay,
I'm getting close.
I think I see my supporter wall. Oh no,
that's a portal. Is that a Nether
portal? Hold on. A broken Nether portal.
Let's go check out this abandoned Nether
portal.
Rip bed. Goodbye bed.
We left our bed back there.
Another portal.
Yeah, we're getting very lucky now.
Whoa, this one is huge. Oops.
This is a big portal.
There's another chest.
[sighs]
Wow. Too much good stuff.
I don't know what I should throw away.
Um,
I can put this gold here. I can put this
iron here.
Silk touch.
This pickaxe has silk touch.
H. Hello, Potato Lord. Welcome to the
stream. I'm glad you're enjoying my
videos.
H [clears throat] I don't know what to
throw. Are these glistering melons good?
Should I take these or should I leave
them?
Golden carrots are very good. Golden
carrots are useful.
Yeah, I can throw away the sand. I'll
take the golden carrots. What about the
melons? Are the melons useful?
I do have a bundle. I could put these
melons in the bundle.
I'll take this golden pickaxe.
Oh, I can't put the pickaxe in the
bundle.
Here we go.
And I'll leave these golden tools here.
I don't need them.
Okay,
I can't carry anymore. My inventory is
full. I need to go back home.
Where's my boat?
There it is.
Okay, I'll get back in my boat
now. I need to go back home. I need to
go back home so I can put my stuff away.
I've got too much stuff.
Hello, Pedro. Enrique. Enrique. I should
have left the bow. Yeah, I don't really
need my bow,
but oh well.
I'm close to my house.
I think
I'm going to get out of my boat here
and I'll pick it up.
Oh, I don't need this bottle. I can
throw this glass bottle.
Then I'll pick up my boat.
I remember these huge mountains.
There's a cave.
Let's keep running this way towards the
jungle.
Jump.
Lots of melons.
Lots of melons here.
Okay,
we'll continue running back home.
More birds.
This one looks like the bird that I
killed.
RIP.
RIP to my parrot.
Let's keep running. Bamboo.
Another cave. And a waterfall. Whoa.
This looks like a big cave.
I can see some moss down there.
Whoa. Okay, let's keep going.
>> [laughter]
>> RIP's in the chat.
I'm swimming swimming through the water.
We'll swim across this this river
and let's get out.
I'm running through the forest or the
jungle. I'm running through the jungle.
Jump.
More bags. More bundles. Yeah, these
bundles are really helpful.
Can I put these in there? No.
Okay.
Yeah. In the future, I'll take more
bundles with me. I think I have bundles
back at my house.
Almost to 200 days.
Today is day 193.
15 diamonds and six stacks of redstone.
That's a lot of redstone. Enchen.
7 days until day 200.
Oh, some armadillos.
We found some armadillos.
Let's keep paddling. We're sailing down
the river.
You need to build a big redstone machine
now, Enchen.
You have to use all that redstone.
Let's keep sailing.
It's getting dark.
There's the moon.
I left my bed, so I can't go to sleep. I
have to keep sailing at nighttime.
Squids.
I think I'm getting close. I think my
house is close by.
Are you going to build a redstone house,
Enchen?
I'll get a drink of my soda.
You made a storage area for your house.
Very good.
I'm getting close. Pretty soon we'll see
my huge XP farm.
There it is.
There's the XP farm.
It's very tall.
And you can see the waterfall
that I used to swim up.
Do you want to see the XP farm, Enchen?
Thank you, Potato Lord. I appreciate
that.
I built these pillars
that are holding up the XP farm because
I don't like when the things that I
build are floating.
I like them to be connected to the
ground. So, I made these pillars.
Home sweet home.
Yep, we made it back. And I found two
new types of wood.
I'm underneath my XP farm. I'm
underneath it.
Oh, you use stairs to support your
buildings. That's smart. Hello, home.
Hello, home. Look, it's my happy guest.
My happy guest that Wasandre named.
We made it back.
Okay,
now we have one, two, three, four,
five,
five, and
Oh, I need to get to that sapling, but
it's in my bundle.
Okay, first I'm going to go to sleep.
Oops. Let's sleep. I'm sleeping. And in
the morning, I'll plant my new saplings.
I'm going to put everything in this
chest.
Let's put everything in here.
Okay.
I'll take my notes. I'll take this.
All right.
I need my saplings.
Here we go. My mangrove propags.
My dog. Here's Dinnerbone.
Yep.
Okay. My home hasn't seen me for five
days. I've been away from my home for
five days. Wow.
Okay, I don't need this map anymore.
I'll throw this map. Throw.
Okay,
so now I have two new types of saplings
that I can plant.
I planted one dark oak sapling here.
Let's do this. Let's plant four.
If you plant four like this, you can
grow a huge tree. So, I'll plant four
saplings.
And for
these mangroves,
let's try planting them on mud.
So, I'll break a block here,
and I'll replace it with mud. And I'll
do the same over here.
Now, let's plant these mangrove trees on
them.
There we go. Do I have bone meal? No.
I'm going to pick up some bones. I have
lots of bones in the house.
Okay,
here I have tons of bones. I'll take
nine bones
and I'll turn these bones into bone
meal. There we go.
And I'm going to grow some of these
trees.
You don't need mud. Can you plant those
mangrove trees on dirt? Maybe I don't
need mud.
All right, I'm going to use my bone meal
on the sapling.
There we go. Whoa.
Look at these roots.
And there's the tree.
Cool. There's a mangrove tree. And now
let's try growing the dark oak tree
right here.
There we go.
a dark oak tree.
Now we have one, two,
three, four, five, six. Six different
kinds of trees here.
And we can chop down these trees to get
different kinds of wood.
wood.
Cool.
This tree has legs.
Yeah, the mangrove tree looks like it
has legs.
These roots kind of look like legs. I
need to eat some food. You're right.
I'll eat some bread. I have a lot of
bread.
I'll eat some bread.
There we go.
All right. Well, I got two new types of
trees planted
and I found some other new things. Let's
see what else I found on my adventure.
We got five new diamonds, some golden
carrots,
and we found the heart of the sea.
Hold on. conduit.
With the heart of the sea, we can make a
conduit.
So, we need one, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight. We need eight
nautilus shells to make the conduit.
I think you can collect nautilus shells
from drowns.
Those zombies
that are underwater.
I've seen some of those zombies carrying
nautilus shells.
So now to make the conduit, I need to
find
some nautilus shells.
But I think I'm going to end this stream
right here. I made it back home. I have
my new trees and I think I'm going to
end the stream here. So, I'm going to go
back inside
and I'm going to say goodbye to
everybody in my home where it's safe.
Thank you so much for joining the
stream, everyone. Big thank you, Dennis.
Denise, big thank you, Bruno. You're
always the best. Thanks for joining my
streams. Thank you, Wasandre, for
joining the stream today.
Come on, 15 more seconds.
>> [laughter]
>> No, I have to go. Thanks for coming,
Potato Lord. Thanks for joining the
stream and I will see you guys next week
during my next stream. Thanks for
joining and I will see y'all later.
Goodbye.